# Silly ideas

These are list of silly ideas that go through my mind.

## Today Temperature Elsewhere

1. Depending on your location, grab the temperature now here.
2. Show a list of places in the world with the exact same temperature.
3. Put them on a map

## Longest Day On Webcam

1. On June 21
2. Record the images of Webcams in each individual timezone (~24).
3. Put them in order of timezone
4. Replay the full day accelerated
5. Optional: In a room, with 24 small screens in line, as a permanent exhibition, show the images of now in the world.

## Name A Tree

1. An international geolocated database (registry) of trees
2. Trees are added little by little by people
3. An app shows the geolocated trees around you
4. You can add your own when walking.
5. You can give a name (if it doesn't have one yet) to the tree and its species
6. When trees are cut, you just say it on the file. The individual record stays in the DB, even if a new tree is planted at the same place.

## Globe and Google Earth

1. Buy a World Globe with 2 axes of freedom
2. A pin pointing at the surface for reference
3. Two rotation sensors on the axes
4. A video-projector plugged to a computer
4. When a point of the globe is under the pin, the lat and long are sent to the computer for displaying the satellite image of this place on Earth.

## Automatic Gathering of Bus Routes and Schedules

1. A web app
2. You push a button when you enter the bus (geo + time)
3. You enter the line name or number
4. You push a button when you exit the bus (geo + time)

Little by little, it will agregate the most probable schedules and locations where you need the bus.

## Managing Paper Receipts

1. A web app on your mobile.
2. Take a photo of a paper receipt
3. The app identifies the pattern of the texts on the receipt (see below)
4. It creates a JSON (or whatever format for the data of the receipt)
5. We can browse the list through dates, locations, etc.

* Receipts contain formatted information (such as dates, locations, prices, taxes, name of the shop, sometimes logo, etc.)
* We go often to the same places on a daily basis. 80% of the time we get receipts with exactly the same pattern. OUR Supermarket, OUR combinis, OUR cafe, etc.
* When the application doesn't know the pattern there is a feature to define each block of text and their meaning. The second time the app is able to do pattern matching with the bank of templates it has.